hey everybody fender bender and Larry
here from Vader's vault bringing you
back one of our old favorites while back
we upgraded a machine defects Starkiller
to have a more functional internal
components with the custom heatsink
brass rod raw quartz crystal with
crystal older and chassis and the
customer who bought it liked it but
found some of the inherent flaws in the
original construction as the set screw
that held the body on did not hold up to
playing around with it so it actually
broke through the threaded so he sent it
back to us and said well while we got it
why not just upgrade the soundboard and
you know see if we can do a few other
things to it like change the grips out
so we did that we upgraded the
soundboard to a u.s. 2.5 which is great
because it gets to actually fully drive
the red LED we put two button cap screws
in the lower grip section to give it
more rigidity and strength and we change
the plastic t-track grips you can see
them up here in the faux control box we
change them out for powder coated square
brass stock that we shaped which
actually works out great because it's
the exact same height as the back pommel
ring area so it makes for a much more
comfortable grip very very very much
lower profile then we added some replica
graflex parts the red button thumb screw
which actually serves as the new blade
retention screw and the glass I thumb
screw which now also helps hold in the
optics assembly and that's our upgrades
let's get it powered on
ultrasound 2.5 and the ultrasound boot
up soon beautiful red crystal still
lighten up the intern shame really
and custom heatsink
and brass rod connecting the two just
like before much louder than the stock
mr board that we had put in it before
and much brighter we also had to redo
the switch so we use the J GaN rebuild
the switch method which we took apart
the original Judd post which in here and
implanted a tactile switch so now you
just tap the plunger instead of having
to depress it
it was cool before now it's much cooler
and much stronger much louder and rider
thanks again from the vault